[Autogenerated] Okay, let's pick up with launch templates.
Now.
Launch templates are similar to launch configurations,
with a few minor improvements that make a pretty big difference,
compared tow launch configurations.
Now,
the first big plus for using launch templates is
that they support all of the newer, easy to instance types.
So what that means is we have greater flexibility for our images
in our instance types that we want to use.
So let's walk through this process.
Now we can give it a description, and then we can select auto scaling guidance,
which is an option that says, Hey,
I'm going to use this in an auto Skilling group,
So show me what I need to do now.
What that does is it shows you what's required to go
ahead and create this successfully, so I'll go ahead and select our Am I.
I'll use Amazon Lennox, too,
but you can see we have several images we can pull from.
We go down to our instance type, and if we do this again,
you'll notice that we have all of the newer ec2 instance types,
which is a humongous list that says a ton of flexibility in
it now we specify our key pair if we want.
So if we want to log in, we can.
And then we can select if we want VPC or Ec2 Classic.
Now Easy to classic is getting phased out, so VPC is the choice for this.
We specify our security groups.
We can specify storage config if we want.
You see there's a default volume one here.
We can give our instance tags,
and we can add additional interfaces for networking.
Now let's expand advanced and you can see we have a
few advanced options and buy a few.
I mean a lot.
We can request spot instances to save on money,
which we talked about in our first module.
We can add an instance profile so all of our instances will have this.
I am roll attached.
You'll see that with auto scaling selected,
some of the behaviors are not able to be customized.
And here we have some other options that you do not get
from a launch configuration itself.
There's different optimization options, reservations,
tendency, a lot of different customizable pieces that we can do.
You can specify the Ram disk i d the Colonel i d.
There's license config Sze,
there really is an endless amount of customization that you can do now
I'll go ahead and put that same script as before.
I'll create our launch template and there we go.
We have now created it.
So let's view it.
And there it iss We have our launch template all of
our settings that we specified.
And if we wanted to,
we could actually go toe actions here and we can create a
new auto Skilling group for this service.
Now,
what I'm gonna do instead is I'm gonna go to our existing auto scaling group.
I'm gonna edit it.
I'm gonna change our desired capacity toe one and you can see
the top option here is launched template.
So I'll select that and you see our launch template name?
We only have one.
We have our template version, which we'll talk about in a second.
We have our description and then our fleet composition.
If we need it, everything else is pretty much the same.
So we'll click on save and there we go.
So we're now leveraging that launch template instead of our launch.
Come pick Now, The cool thing you might have noticed when we were doing that is,
you can create versions.
So unlike launch configurations,
another major factor is we can create a new version of this template
so we don't have to create a new one each time.
So if I go to actions I can create a new version,
will select provide guidance again, and this time I'm gonna remove our user data.
So nothing occurs.
I'll click, create, and there we go.
We have version, too, as you can see at the top.
So now we can look at our different versions that we created for our
launch templates to use in our auto scaling groups.
Now, launch templates can be used to spin up single instances as well,
but their main use cases, usually for auto Skilling groups.
So now, if I go down to auto scaling groups one more time, I edited again.
We specify our launch template version.
You can see we have default.
There's version one.
There's version two, and then there's latest.
So if we want to always use the latest version, we can select that.
You see it's selected version two based on our temple description.
I'll go ahead and scale this up one I'll save and then I'll refresh.
Now what I'll do here is all pause.
The clip will let it spin up a new instance,
and then we'll verify that it's using our launch template that we specify.
Okay, there we go.
You can see it's spinning up or new instance,
and that's got our prod Web lt launched template that we just created.
So hopefully this demo shows you the key differences between
leveraging launch configurations in launch templates.
You want to start leaning toward using launch templates
due to their custom is ations as well as their advanced
attributes that you can edit.
So let's go ahead, will break here and in the upcoming clips,
we're going to start looking at utilizing a W s load balancers with our auto Skilling groups in a multi availabilities own fashion